Methods - Word Embeddings (#8)
greenelab/text_mined_hetnet_manuscript: content/03.methods.md

### Generative Model
talk about generative model and how it works

> ### Word Embeddings

Reviewer: Should get in habit of newlines surrounding headers

> Word embeddings are representations that map individual words to k-dimensional real valued vectors.

Reviewer: Is "k-dimensional" a broadly understood term? I see a definition at https://xlinux.nist.gov/dads/HTML/kdimensional.html, but perhaps it would be clearer to say  something like a  "user-specified dimension"

### Generative Model
talk about generative model and how it works
### Word Embeddings
Word embeddings are representations that map individual words to k-dimensional real valued vectors.

> These embeddings have been shown to capture the semantic and syntatic information between words very well [@arxiv:1310.4546].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These embeddings have been shown to capture the semantic and syntatic information between words [@arxiv:1310.4546].
```

Using all candidate sentences for each individual relationship pair, we trained facebook's fastText [@arxiv:1607.04606] to generate word embeddings.

> This model was trained for 20 epochs using a window size of 2 and generated word embeddings of size 300. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We trained the model for 20 epochs using a window size of 2 and generated 300-dimensional word embeddings. 
```

> The fastText model uses a skipgram model that aims to predict the context given a candidate word [@arxiv:1301.3781]. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The fastText model uses a skipgram model [@arxiv:1301.3781] that aims to predict the context given a candidate word and pairs the model with a novel scoring function that treats each word as a bag of character n-grams. 
```

Reviewer 2: This should go before the sentence above it.

> Unlike the regular skipgram model, the fasttext model uses a novel scoring function that treats each word as a bag of character n-grams.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Once optimized, the word embeddings are used to train the discriminator model. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We use the optimized word embeddings to train a discriminative model. 
```
